I have explained the classmate situation to you.
Your grandmother's illness is dangerous
I can't do this together
I arrived at the doctor a few days later.
Please save my grandma
He is my only relative
Can't lose him
Our hospital doesn't want your brother
But depending on your situation, I can't afford it.
Doctor doctor
Please give my grandma medicine first, okay?
Money, I must find a way
You must find a way
Please save him first, okay?
Little girl, it's not that I don't save you.
We need the money before we can take the medicine
Yes, I anticipated
Can be sold for money
Xiaoyu, this is when grandma picked you up
The only letter on you
Take it and find your family immediately
Remember not to lose it.
Mom, do we have to come to the hospital to cause so much trouble?
son
You were accidentally met by those two poor ghosts just now.
They make a living by picking up trash.
Maybe there are any viruses and bacteria on you?
Mom will take you to check before you can rest assured.
Hmm ok